Psalm 92, a psalm, a song for the Psalm 92, a psalm, a song for the Psalm 92, a psalm, a song for the Sabbath day. Sabbath day. Sabbath day. It is good to give thanks to the Lord It is good to give thanks to the Lord It is good to give thanks to the Lord and to sing praises to your name, oh and to sing praises to your name, oh and to sing praises to your name, oh most high, to declare your loving most high, to declare your loving most high, to declare your loving kindness in the morning, and your kindness in the morning, and your kindness in the morning, and your faithfulness every night on an faithfulness every night on an faithfulness every night on an instrument of 10 strings, on the loot instrument of 10 strings, on the loot instrument of 10 strings, on the loot and on the harp with harmonious sound. and on the harp with harmonious sound. and on the harp with harmonious sound. For you, Lord, have made me glad through For you, Lord, have made me glad through For you, Lord, have made me glad through your work. I will triumph in the works your work. I will triumph in the works your work. I will triumph in the works of your hands. of your hands. of your hands. Oh Lord, how great are your works. Your Oh Lord, how great are your works. Your Oh Lord, how great are your works. Your thoughts are very deep. A senseless man thoughts are very deep. A senseless man thoughts are very deep. A senseless man does not know, nor does a fool does not know, nor does a fool does not know, nor does a fool understand this. understand this. understand this. When the wicked spring up like grass, When the wicked spring up like grass, When the wicked spring up like grass, and when all the workers of iniquity and when all the workers of iniquity and when all the workers of iniquity flourish, it is that they may be flourish, it is that they may be flourish, it is that they may be destroyed forever. destroyed forever. destroyed forever. But you, Lord, are on high forever more. But you, Lord, are on high forever more. But you, Lord, are on high forever more. For behold, your enemies, oh Lord, for For behold, your enemies, oh Lord, for For behold, your enemies, oh Lord, for behold, your enemies shall perish. All behold, your enemies shall perish. All behold, your enemies shall perish. All the workers of iniquity shall be the workers of iniquity shall be the workers of iniquity shall be scattered. But my horn you have exalted scattered. But my horn you have exalted scattered. But my horn you have exalted like a wild ox. like a wild ox. like a wild ox. I have been anointed with fresh oil. I have been anointed with fresh oil. I have been anointed with fresh oil. My eye also has seen my desire on my My eye also has seen my desire on my My eye also has seen my desire on my enemies. My ears hear my desire on the enemies. My ears hear my desire on the enemies. My ears hear my desire on the wicked who rise up against me. The wicked who rise up against me. The wicked who rise up against me. The righteous shall flourish like a palm righteous shall flourish like a palm righteous shall flourish like a palm tree. He shall grow like a cedar in tree. He shall grow like a cedar in tree. He shall grow like a cedar in Lebanon. Lebanon. Lebanon. Those who are planted in the house of Those who are planted in the house of Those who are planted in the house of the Lord shall flourish in the courts of the Lord shall flourish in the courts of the Lord shall flourish in the courts of our God. our God. our God. They shall still bear fruit in old age. They shall still bear fruit in old age. They shall still bear fruit in old age. They shall be fresh and flourishing to They shall be fresh and flourishing to They shall be fresh and flourishing to declare that the Lord is upright. declare that the Lord is upright. declare that the Lord is upright. He is my rock and there is no He is my rock and there is no He is my rock and there is no unrighteousness in him.