Now it happened when Sen Ballot, Tobaya, Now it happened when Sen Ballot, Tobaya, Now it happened when Sen Ballot, Tobaya, Gisham the Arab, and the rest of our Gisham the Arab, and the rest of our Gisham the Arab, and the rest of our enemies heard that I had rebuilt the enemies heard that I had rebuilt the enemies heard that I had rebuilt the wall and that there were no breaks left wall and that there were no breaks left wall and that there were no breaks left in it. Though at that time I had not in it. Though at that time I had not in it. Though at that time I had not hung the doors in the gates that Sbalot hung the doors in the gates that Sbalot hung the doors in the gates that Sbalot and Gisham sent to me, "Come, let us and Gisham sent to me, "Come, let us and Gisham sent to me, "Come, let us meet together among the villages in the meet together among the villages in the meet together among the villages in the plain of Ono. But they thought to do me plain of Ono. But they thought to do me plain of Ono. But they thought to do me harm. So I sent messengers to them, harm. So I sent messengers to them, harm. So I sent messengers to them, saying, I am doing a great work, so that saying, I am doing a great work, so that saying, I am doing a great work, so that I cannot come down. Why should the work I cannot come down. Why should the work I cannot come down. Why should the work cease while I leave it and go down to cease while I leave it and go down to cease while I leave it and go down to you? But they sent me this message four you? But they sent me this message four you? But they sent me this message four times. And I answered them in the same times. And I answered them in the same times. And I answered them in the same manner. Then Sbalot sent his servant to manner. Then Sbalot sent his servant to manner. Then Sbalot sent his servant to me as before, the fifth time, with an me as before, the fifth time, with an me as before, the fifth time, with an open letter in his hand. open letter in his hand. open letter in his hand. In it was written, In it was written, In it was written, it is reported among the nations and it is reported among the nations and it is reported among the nations and Gisham says that you and the Jews plan Gisham says that you and the Jews plan Gisham says that you and the Jews plan to rebel. Therefore, according to these to rebel. Therefore, according to these to rebel. Therefore, according to these rumors, you are rebuilding the wall that rumors, you are rebuilding the wall that rumors, you are rebuilding the wall that you may be their king. And you have also you may be their king. And you have also you may be their king. And you have also appointed prophets to proclaim appointed prophets to proclaim appointed prophets to proclaim concerning you at Jerusalem, saying, concerning you at Jerusalem, saying, concerning you at Jerusalem, saying, There is a king in Judah. Now these There is a king in Judah. Now these There is a king in Judah. Now these matters will be reported to the king. So matters will be reported to the king. So matters will be reported to the king. So come therefore and let us consult come therefore and let us consult come therefore and let us consult together. together. together. Then I sent to him, saying, "No such Then I sent to him, saying, "No such Then I sent to him, saying, "No such things as you say are being done, but things as you say are being done, but things as you say are being done, but you invent them in your own heart. you invent them in your own heart. you invent them in your own heart. For they all were trying to make us For they all were trying to make us For they all were trying to make us afraid, saying, Their hands will be afraid, saying, Their hands will be afraid, saying, Their hands will be weakened in the work, and it will not be weakened in the work, and it will not be weakened in the work, and it will not be done." done." done." Now therefore, oh God, strengthen my Now therefore, oh God, strengthen my Now therefore, oh God, strengthen my hands. Afterward, I came to the house of Afterward, I came to the house of Afterward, I came to the house of Sheimea, the son of Delea, the son of Sheimea, the son of Delea, the son of Sheimea, the son of Delea, the son of Mahave, who was a secret informer. Let us meet together in the house of God Let us meet together in the house of God Let us meet together in the house of God within the temple, and let us close the within the temple, and let us close the within the temple, and let us close the doors of the temple, for they are coming doors of the temple, for they are coming doors of the temple, for they are coming to kill you. Indeed, at night they will to kill you. Indeed, at night they will to kill you. Indeed, at night they will come to kill you." come to kill you." come to kill you." And I said, "Should such a man as I And I said, "Should such a man as I And I said, "Should such a man as I flee? flee? flee? And who is there such as I who would go And who is there such as I who would go And who is there such as I who would go into the temple to save his life? I will into the temple to save his life? I will into the temple to save his life? I will not go in." not go in." not go in." Then I perceived that God had not sent Then I perceived that God had not sent Then I perceived that God had not sent him at all, but that he pronounced this him at all, but that he pronounced this him at all, but that he pronounced this prophecy against me because Tobaya and prophecy against me because Tobaya and prophecy against me because Tobaya and San Ballot had hired him. For this San Ballot had hired him. For this San Ballot had hired him. For this reason he was hired, that I should be reason he was hired, that I should be reason he was hired, that I should be afraid and act that way and sin so that afraid and act that way and sin so that afraid and act that way and sin so that they might have cause for an evil report they might have cause for an evil report they might have cause for an evil report that they might reproach me. that they might reproach me. that they might reproach me. My God, remember Tobaya and Sand Balot My God, remember Tobaya and Sand Balot My God, remember Tobaya and Sand Balot according to these their works and the according to these their works and the according to these their works and the prophetist Noadiah and the rest of the prophetist Noadiah and the rest of the prophetist Noadiah and the rest of the prophets who would have made me afraid. So the wall was finished on the 25th day So the wall was finished on the 25th day So the wall was finished on the 25th day of il in 52 days. And it happened when of il in 52 days. And it happened when of il in 52 days. And it happened when all our enemies heard of it and all the all our enemies heard of it and all the all our enemies heard of it and all the nations around us saw these things that nations around us saw these things that nations around us saw these things that they were very disheartened in their own they were very disheartened in their own they were very disheartened in their own eyes for they perceived that this work eyes for they perceived that this work eyes for they perceived that this work was done by our God. was done by our God. was done by our God. Also in those days the nobles of Judah Also in those days the nobles of Judah Also in those days the nobles of Judah sent many letters to Tobaya. And the sent many letters to Tobaya. And the sent many letters to Tobaya. And the letters of Tobaya came to them. For many letters of Tobaya came to them. For many letters of Tobaya came to them. For many in Judah were pledged to him because he in Judah were pledged to him because he in Judah were pledged to him because he was the son-in-law of Shechaniah, the was the son-in-law of Shechaniah, the was the son-in-law of Shechaniah, the son of Aon, and his son Jihaan had son of Aon, and his son Jihaan had son of Aon, and his son Jihaan had married the daughter of Mishulum, married the daughter of Mishulum, married the daughter of Mishulum, the son of Barakayiah. Also they the son of Barakayiah. Also they the son of Barakayiah. Also they reported his good deeds before me and reported his good deeds before me and reported his good deeds before me and reported my words to him. Tobaya sent reported my words to him. Tobaya sent reported my words to him. Tobaya sent letters to frighten me. letters to frighten me. letters to frighten me. [Music]