The sons of Isach were Tollah, Pure, The sons of Isach were Tollah, Pure, The sons of Isach were Tollah, Pure, Jes, and Shiman, four in all. The sons Jes, and Shiman, four in all. The sons Jes, and Shiman, four in all. The sons of Tollah were Azai, of Tollah were Azai, of Tollah were Azai, Rafael, Rafael, Rafael, Geriel, Geriel, Geriel, Ji, Ji, Ji, Gibson, and Shemuel, heads of their Gibson, and Shemuel, heads of their Gibson, and Shemuel, heads of their father's house. father's house. father's house. The sons of Tollah were mighty men of The sons of Tollah were mighty men of The sons of Tollah were mighty men of valor in their generations. valor in their generations. valor in their generations. Their number in the days of David was Their number in the days of David was Their number in the days of David was 22,600. The son of Azai was Israia. The son of Azai was Israia. The son of Azai was Israia. And the sons of Israia were Michael, And the sons of Israia were Michael, And the sons of Israia were Michael, Obadiah, Joel, and Ishia. Obadiah, Joel, and Ishia. Obadiah, Joel, and Ishia. All five of them were chief men. All five of them were chief men. All five of them were chief men. And with them by their generations, And with them by their generations, And with them by their generations, according to their father's houses, were according to their father's houses, were according to their father's houses, were 36,000 troops ready for war. For they 36,000 troops ready for war. For they 36,000 troops ready for war. For they had many wives and sons. had many wives and sons. had many wives and sons. Now their brethren among all the Now their brethren among all the Now their brethren among all the families of Issach were mighty men of families of Issach were mighty men of families of Issach were mighty men of valor listed by their genealogies valor listed by their genealogies valor listed by their genealogies 87,000 in all. The sons of Benjamin were 87,000 in all. The sons of Benjamin were 87,000 in all. The sons of Benjamin were Beer, Bea, and Jediael, Beer, Bea, and Jediael, Beer, Bea, and Jediael, three in all. The sons of Beer were three in all. The sons of Beer were three in all. The sons of Beer were Esban, Azai, Aziel, Geramath, and I five Esban, Azai, Aziel, Geramath, and I five Esban, Azai, Aziel, Geramath, and I five in all. They were heads of their in all. They were heads of their in all. They were heads of their father's houses and they were listed by father's houses and they were listed by father's houses and they were listed by their genealogies 22,034 their genealogies 22,034 their genealogies 22,034 mighty men of valor. mighty men of valor. mighty men of valor. The sons of Bea were Zayra, Joash, The sons of Bea were Zayra, Joash, The sons of Bea were Zayra, Joash, Eliza, Elioi, Eliza, Elioi, Eliza, Elioi, Amry, Amry, Amry, Geramath, Abijah, Geramath, Abijah, Geramath, Abijah, Anithoth, and Alanth. Anithoth, and Alanth. Anithoth, and Alanth. All these are the sons of Bea. And they All these are the sons of Bea. And they All these are the sons of Bea. And they were recorded by genealogy according to were recorded by genealogy according to were recorded by genealogy according to their generations, heads of their their generations, heads of their their generations, heads of their father's houses, 20,200 father's houses, 20,200 father's houses, 20,200 mighty men of valor. The son of Jediahel mighty men of valor. The son of Jediahel mighty men of valor. The son of Jediahel was Bilhan. And the sons of Bilhan were was Bilhan. And the sons of Bilhan were was Bilhan. And the sons of Bilhan were Gosh, Benjamin, Ehood, Kaneana, Gosh, Benjamin, Ehood, Kaneana, Gosh, Benjamin, Ehood, Kaneana, Zthan, Zthan, Zthan, Thish and Ahishah. Thish and Ahishah. Thish and Ahishah. All these sons of Jediahel were heads of All these sons of Jediahel were heads of All these sons of Jediahel were heads of their father's houses. There were 17,200 their father's houses. There were 17,200 their father's houses. There were 17,200 mighty men of valor fit to go out for mighty men of valor fit to go out for mighty men of valor fit to go out for war and battle. war and battle. war and battle. Shapim and Hapim were the sons of and Shapim and Hapim were the sons of and Shapim and Hapim were the sons of and Hushim was the son of Ahar. The sons of Hushim was the son of Ahar. The sons of Hushim was the son of Ahar. The sons of Naphali were Jazziel, Guni, Jeser, and Naphali were Jazziel, Guni, Jeser, and Naphali were Jazziel, Guni, Jeser, and Shalom, the sons of Bilhar. Shalom, the sons of Bilhar. Shalom, the sons of Bilhar. the descendants of Manasseh. the descendants of Manasseh. the descendants of Manasseh. His Syrian concubine bore him Mir, the His Syrian concubine bore him Mir, the His Syrian concubine bore him Mir, the father of Gilead, the father of Asia. father of Gilead, the father of Asia. father of Gilead, the father of Asia. Mir took as his wife, the sister of Mir took as his wife, the sister of Mir took as his wife, the sister of Hapim and Shappim, whose name was Meaca. Hapim and Shappim, whose name was Meaca. Hapim and Shappim, whose name was Meaca. The name of Gilead's grandson was The name of Gilead's grandson was The name of Gilead's grandson was Zilofiad. Zilofiad. Zilofiad. But Zilofhiad begott only daughters. But Zilofhiad begott only daughters. But Zilofhiad begott only daughters. Mea the wife of Mia bore a son and she Mea the wife of Mia bore a son and she Mea the wife of Mia bore a son and she called his name Pesh. The name of his called his name Pesh. The name of his called his name Pesh. The name of his brother was Shir and his sons were Ulam brother was Shir and his sons were Ulam brother was Shir and his sons were Ulam and Reikam. and Reikam. and Reikam. The son of Ulam was The son of Ulam was The son of Ulam was these were the descendants of Gilead, these were the descendants of Gilead, these were the descendants of Gilead, the son of Mir, the son of Manasseh. the son of Mir, the son of Manasseh. the son of Mir, the son of Manasseh. his sister Hamikth his sister Hamikth his sister Hamikth or Ishad. or Ishad. or Ishad. Abaiza Abaiza Abaiza and Mala. and Mala. and Mala. And the sons of Shimida were Ahan, And the sons of Shimida were Ahan, And the sons of Shimida were Ahan, Sheckchham, Lei, and Ana. The sons of Sheckchham, Lei, and Ana. The sons of Sheckchham, Lei, and Ana. The sons of Ephraim were Shuella. Bered his son, Ephraim were Shuella. Bered his son, Ephraim were Shuella. Bered his son, Teahath his son, Eloda his son, Teahath Teahath his son, Eloda his son, Teahath Teahath his son, Eloda his son, Teahath his son, Zebad his son, Shuella his son, his son, Zebad his son, Shuella his son, his son, Zebad his son, Shuella his son, and Isa and Elliot. and Isa and Elliot. and Isa and Elliot. The men of Gath who were born in that The men of Gath who were born in that The men of Gath who were born in that land killed them because they came down land killed them because they came down land killed them because they came down to take away their cattle. Then Ephraim to take away their cattle. Then Ephraim to take away their cattle. Then Ephraim their father mourned many days and his their father mourned many days and his their father mourned many days and his brethren came to comfort him. And when brethren came to comfort him. And when brethren came to comfort him. And when he went into his wife, she conceived and he went into his wife, she conceived and he went into his wife, she conceived and bore a son. And he called his name bore a son. And he called his name bore a son. And he called his name Bariah because tragedy had come upon his Bariah because tragedy had come upon his Bariah because tragedy had come upon his house. Now his daughter was Shira who house. Now his daughter was Shira who house. Now his daughter was Shira who built lower and upper Beth Horin and built lower and upper Beth Horin and built lower and upper Beth Horin and Azen Shira and Reefer was his son as Azen Shira and Reefer was his son as Azen Shira and Reefer was his son as well as Rishef and Tie his son, Tahhan well as Rishef and Tie his son, Tahhan well as Rishef and Tie his son, Tahhan his son, Leodan his son, Emihad his son, his son, Leodan his son, Emihad his son, his son, Leodan his son, Emihad his son, Elisha his son, Nun his son, and Joshua Elisha his son, Nun his son, and Joshua Elisha his son, Nun his son, and Joshua his son. Now their possessions and his son. Now their possessions and his son. Now their possessions and dwelling places were Bethl and its dwelling places were Bethl and its dwelling places were Bethl and its towns. To the east Naon, to the west towns. To the east Naon, to the west towns. To the east Naon, to the west Giza and its towns, and Sheckchham and Giza and its towns, and Sheckchham and Giza and its towns, and Sheckchham and its towns, as far as Aya and its towns, its towns, as far as Aya and its towns, its towns, as far as Aya and its towns, and by the borders of the children of and by the borders of the children of and by the borders of the children of Manasseh were Bethan and its towns, Manasseh were Bethan and its towns, Manasseh were Bethan and its towns, Teanac and its towns, Megiddo and its Teanac and its towns, Megiddo and its Teanac and its towns, Megiddo and its towns, Door and its towns. In these towns, Door and its towns. In these towns, Door and its towns. In these dwelt the children of Joseph the son of dwelt the children of Joseph the son of dwelt the children of Joseph the son of Israel. Israel. Israel. The sons of Asher were Imna, Ishva, The sons of Asher were Imna, Ishva, The sons of Asher were Imna, Ishva, Ishvi, Bariah, and their sister. Ishvi, Bariah, and their sister. Ishvi, Bariah, and their sister. The sons of Bariah were Heba and The sons of Bariah were Heba and The sons of Bariah were Heba and Malchiel who was the father of Biza. And Malchiel who was the father of Biza. And Malchiel who was the father of Biza. And Heber begott Jaffllet, Shoma, Hotham, Heber begott Jaffllet, Shoma, Hotham, Heber begott Jaffllet, Shoma, Hotham, and their sister Shua. The sons of and their sister Shua. The sons of and their sister Shua. The sons of Jafflet were Pesak, Bimhal, and Ashvath. Jafflet were Pesak, Bimhal, and Ashvath. Jafflet were Pesak, Bimhal, and Ashvath. These were the children of Jafflet. The These were the children of Jafflet. The These were the children of Jafflet. The sons of Shima were Ahi, Rogger, Jihaba, sons of Shima were Ahi, Rogger, Jihaba, sons of Shima were Ahi, Rogger, Jihaba, and Aaron. And the sons of his brother and Aaron. And the sons of his brother and Aaron. And the sons of his brother Helm were Zofa, Imna, Sheileish, and Helm were Zofa, Imna, Sheileish, and Helm were Zofa, Imna, Sheileish, and Amal. The sons of Zofur were sewer, Amal. The sons of Zofur were sewer, Amal. The sons of Zofur were sewer, Hanifh, Shu, Beiri, Imra, Biza, Had, Hanifh, Shu, Beiri, Imra, Biza, Had, Hanifh, Shu, Beiri, Imra, Biza, Had, Shama, Schilsha, Jithan, and Beira. The Shama, Schilsha, Jithan, and Beira. The Shama, Schilsha, Jithan, and Beira. The sons of Jithther were Jifun, Pisper, and sons of Jithther were Jifun, Pisper, and sons of Jithther were Jifun, Pisper, and A. The sons of Allah were A, Haniel, and A. The sons of Allah were A, Haniel, and A. The sons of Allah were A, Haniel, and Rizia. All these were the children of Rizia. All these were the children of Rizia. All these were the children of Asher, heads of their father's houses, Asher, heads of their father's houses, Asher, heads of their father's houses, choice men, mighty men of valor, chief choice men, mighty men of valor, chief choice men, mighty men of valor, chief leaders, and they were recorded by leaders, and they were recorded by leaders, and they were recorded by genealogies among the army fit for genealogies among the army fit for genealogies among the army fit for battle. Their number was 26,000.