Now when Rachel saw that she bore Jacob Now when Rachel saw that she bore Jacob no children, Rachel envied her sister no children, Rachel envied her sister no children, Rachel envied her sister and said to Jacob, "Give me children, or and said to Jacob, "Give me children, or and said to Jacob, "Give me children, or else I die." And Jacob's anger was else I die." And Jacob's anger was else I die." And Jacob's anger was aroused against Rachel, "Am I in the aroused against Rachel, "Am I in the aroused against Rachel, "Am I in the place of God who has withheld from you place of God who has withheld from you place of God who has withheld from you the fruit of the womb? Here's the fruit of the womb? Here's the fruit of the womb? Here's my maid, Belha. my maid, Belha. my maid, Belha. Go into her, and she will bear a child Go into her, and she will bear a child Go into her, and she will bear a child on my knees, that I also may have on my knees, that I also may have on my knees, that I also may have children by her." Then she gave him children by her." Then she gave him children by her." Then she gave him Bilha, her maid, as wife, and Jacob went Bilha, her maid, as wife, and Jacob went Bilha, her maid, as wife, and Jacob went into her. And Bilha conceived and bore into her. And Bilha conceived and bore into her. And Bilha conceived and bore Jacob a son. Jacob a son. Jacob a son. Then Rachel said, "God has judged my Then Rachel said, "God has judged my Then Rachel said, "God has judged my case, and he has also heard my voice and case, and he has also heard my voice and case, and he has also heard my voice and given me a son." given me a son." given me a son." Therefore, she called his name Dan. Therefore, she called his name Dan. Therefore, she called his name Dan. And Rachel's made Bilha conceived again, And Rachel's made Bilha conceived again, And Rachel's made Bilha conceived again, and bore Jacob a second son. Then Rachel and bore Jacob a second son. Then Rachel and bore Jacob a second son. Then Rachel said, "With great wrestlings I have said, "With great wrestlings I have said, "With great wrestlings I have wrestled with my sister, and indeed I wrestled with my sister, and indeed I wrestled with my sister, and indeed I have prevailed." have prevailed." have prevailed." So she called his name Naphali. When Leah saw that she had stopped When Leah saw that she had stopped bearing, she took Zilpa, her maid, and bearing, she took Zilpa, her maid, and bearing, she took Zilpa, her maid, and gave her to Jacob as wife. And Leah's gave her to Jacob as wife. And Leah's gave her to Jacob as wife. And Leah's maid, Zilpa, bore Jacob a son. Then Leah maid, Zilpa, bore Jacob a son. Then Leah maid, Zilpa, bore Jacob a son. Then Leah said, "A troop comes." So she called his said, "A troop comes." So she called his said, "A troop comes." So she called his name Gad, and Leah's maid, Zilpa, bore name Gad, and Leah's maid, Zilpa, bore name Gad, and Leah's maid, Zilpa, bore Jacob a second son. I am happy for the Jacob a second son. I am happy for the Jacob a second son. I am happy for the daughters will call me blessed. So she daughters will call me blessed. So she daughters will call me blessed. So she called his name Asher. called his name Asher. called his name Asher. Now Reuben went in the days of wheat Now Reuben went in the days of wheat Now Reuben went in the days of wheat harvest and found mandrekes in the field harvest and found mandrekes in the field harvest and found mandrekes in the field and brought them to his mother Leah. and brought them to his mother Leah. and brought them to his mother Leah. Then Rachel said to Leah, "Please give Then Rachel said to Leah, "Please give Then Rachel said to Leah, "Please give me some of your son's mandrekes." me some of your son's mandrekes." me some of your son's mandrekes." Is it a small matter that you have taken Is it a small matter that you have taken Is it a small matter that you have taken away my husband? Would you take away my away my husband? Would you take away my away my husband? Would you take away my son's mandrekes also? Therefore, he will son's mandrekes also? Therefore, he will son's mandrekes also? Therefore, he will lie with you tonight for your son's lie with you tonight for your son's lie with you tonight for your son's mandrekes. mandrekes. mandrekes. When Jacob came out of the field in the When Jacob came out of the field in the When Jacob came out of the field in the evening, Leah went out to meet him. You evening, Leah went out to meet him. You evening, Leah went out to meet him. You must come into me, for I have surely must come into me, for I have surely must come into me, for I have surely hired you with my son's mandrekes. hired you with my son's mandrekes. hired you with my son's mandrekes. And he lay with her that night. And he lay with her that night. And he lay with her that night. And God listened to Leah, and she And God listened to Leah, and she And God listened to Leah, and she conceived and bore Jacob a fifth son. conceived and bore Jacob a fifth son. conceived and bore Jacob a fifth son. God has given me my wages because I have God has given me my wages because I have God has given me my wages because I have given my maid to my husband. given my maid to my husband. given my maid to my husband. So she called his name Issacha. So she called his name Issacha. So she called his name Issacha. Then Leah conceived again and bore Jacob Then Leah conceived again and bore Jacob Then Leah conceived again and bore Jacob a sixth son. a sixth son. a sixth son. God has endowed me with a good God has endowed me with a good God has endowed me with a good endowment. Now my husband will dwell endowment. Now my husband will dwell endowment. Now my husband will dwell with me because I have borne him six with me because I have borne him six with me because I have borne him six sons. So she called his name Zebulun. sons. So she called his name Zebulun. sons. So she called his name Zebulun. Afterward she bore a daughter and called Afterward she bore a daughter and called Afterward she bore a daughter and called her name Dina. her name Dina. her name Dina. Then God remembered Rachel and God Then God remembered Rachel and God Then God remembered Rachel and God listened to her and opened her womb and listened to her and opened her womb and listened to her and opened her womb and she conceived and bore a son. she conceived and bore a son. she conceived and bore a son. God has taken away my reproach. So she God has taken away my reproach. So she God has taken away my reproach. So she called his name Joseph. called his name Joseph. called his name Joseph. The Lord shall add to me another son. The Lord shall add to me another son. The Lord shall add to me another son. And it came to pass when Rachel had born And it came to pass when Rachel had born And it came to pass when Rachel had born Joseph that Jacob said to Laban, Joseph that Jacob said to Laban, Joseph that Jacob said to Laban, "Send me away that I may go to my own "Send me away that I may go to my own "Send me away that I may go to my own place and to my country. Give me my place and to my country. Give me my place and to my country. Give me my wives and my children for whom I have wives and my children for whom I have wives and my children for whom I have served you, and let me go, for you know served you, and let me go, for you know served you, and let me go, for you know my service, which I have done for you. my service, which I have done for you. my service, which I have done for you. Please stay if I have found favor in Please stay if I have found favor in Please stay if I have found favor in your eyes. For I have learned by your eyes. For I have learned by your eyes. For I have learned by experience that the Lord has blessed me experience that the Lord has blessed me experience that the Lord has blessed me for your sake. Name me your wages and I for your sake. Name me your wages and I for your sake. Name me your wages and I will give it. will give it. will give it. You know how I have served you and how You know how I have served you and how You know how I have served you and how your livestock has been with me. For your livestock has been with me. For your livestock has been with me. For what you had before I came was little, what you had before I came was little, what you had before I came was little, and it has increased to a great amount. and it has increased to a great amount. and it has increased to a great amount. The Lord has blessed you since my The Lord has blessed you since my The Lord has blessed you since my coming. And now, when shall I also coming. And now, when shall I also coming. And now, when shall I also provide for my own house? What shall I provide for my own house? What shall I provide for my own house? What shall I give you? You shall not give me give you? You shall not give me give you? You shall not give me anything. If you will do this thing for anything. If you will do this thing for anything. If you will do this thing for me, I will again feed and keep your me, I will again feed and keep your me, I will again feed and keep your flocks. Let me pass through all your flocks. Let me pass through all your flocks. Let me pass through all your flock today, removing from there all the flock today, removing from there all the flock today, removing from there all the speckled and spotted sheep, and all the speckled and spotted sheep, and all the speckled and spotted sheep, and all the brown ones among the lambs, and the brown ones among the lambs, and the brown ones among the lambs, and the spotted and speckled among the goats, spotted and speckled among the goats, spotted and speckled among the goats, and these shall be my wages. So my and these shall be my wages. So my and these shall be my wages. So my righteousness will answer for me in time righteousness will answer for me in time righteousness will answer for me in time to come when the subject of my wages to come when the subject of my wages to come when the subject of my wages comes before you. Everyone that is not comes before you. Everyone that is not comes before you. Everyone that is not speckled and spotted among the goats and speckled and spotted among the goats and speckled and spotted among the goats and brown among the lambs will be considered brown among the lambs will be considered brown among the lambs will be considered stolen if it is with me. stolen if it is with me. stolen if it is with me. Oh that it were according to your word. Oh that it were according to your word. Oh that it were according to your word. So he removed that day the male goats So he removed that day the male goats So he removed that day the male goats that were speckled and spotted. All the that were speckled and spotted. All the that were speckled and spotted. All the female goats that were speckled and female goats that were speckled and female goats that were speckled and spotted. every one that had some white spotted. every one that had some white spotted. every one that had some white in it and all the brown ones among the in it and all the brown ones among the in it and all the brown ones among the lambs and gave them into the hand of his lambs and gave them into the hand of his lambs and gave them into the hand of his sons. sons. sons. [Music] [Music] [Music] Then he put three days journey between Then he put three days journey between Then he put three days journey between himself and Jacob. And Jacob fed the himself and Jacob. And Jacob fed the himself and Jacob. And Jacob fed the rest of Laban's flocks. rest of Laban's flocks. rest of Laban's flocks. Now Jacob took for himself rods of green Now Jacob took for himself rods of green Now Jacob took for himself rods of green popppler and of the almond and chestnut popppler and of the almond and chestnut popppler and of the almond and chestnut trees, trees, trees, peeled white strips in them, and exposed peeled white strips in them, and exposed peeled white strips in them, and exposed the white which was in the rods. And the rods which he had peeled, he set And the rods which he had peeled, he set before the flocks in the gutters, in the before the flocks in the gutters, in the before the flocks in the gutters, in the watering troughs where the flocks came watering troughs where the flocks came watering troughs where the flocks came to drink, so that they should conceive to drink, so that they should conceive to drink, so that they should conceive when they came to drink. when they came to drink. when they came to drink. So the flocks conceived before the rods, So the flocks conceived before the rods, So the flocks conceived before the rods, and the flocks brought forth stre, and the flocks brought forth stre, and the flocks brought forth stre, speckled, and spotted. speckled, and spotted. speckled, and spotted. Then Jacob separated the lambs, and made Then Jacob separated the lambs, and made Then Jacob separated the lambs, and made the flocks face toward the stre and all the flocks face toward the stre and all the flocks face toward the stre and all the brown in the flock of Laban. the brown in the flock of Laban. the brown in the flock of Laban. But he put his own flocks by themselves, But he put his own flocks by themselves, But he put his own flocks by themselves, and did not put them with Laban's flock. and did not put them with Laban's flock. and did not put them with Laban's flock. And it came to pass whenever the And it came to pass whenever the And it came to pass whenever the stronger livestock conceived that Jacob stronger livestock conceived that Jacob stronger livestock conceived that Jacob placed the rods before the eyes of the placed the rods before the eyes of the placed the rods before the eyes of the livestock in the gutters that they might livestock in the gutters that they might livestock in the gutters that they might conceive among the rods. conceive among the rods. conceive among the rods. But when the flocks were feeble, he did But when the flocks were feeble, he did But when the flocks were feeble, he did not put them in. So the feebler were not put them in. So the feebler were not put them in. So the feebler were Labens and the stronger Jacobs. Labens and the stronger Jacobs. Labens and the stronger Jacobs. Thus the man became exceedingly Thus the man became exceedingly Thus the man became exceedingly prosperous and had large flocks, female prosperous and had large flocks, female prosperous and had large flocks, female and male servants, and camels and and male servants, and camels and and male servants, and camels and donkeys.