[Music] [Music] [Music] Nebuchadnezzar the king made an image of Nebuchadnezzar the king made an image of Nebuchadnezzar the king made an image of gold whose height was 60 cubits and its gold whose height was 60 cubits and its gold whose height was 60 cubits and its width 6 cubits. width 6 cubits. width 6 cubits. He set it up in the plain of Cura in the He set it up in the plain of Cura in the He set it up in the plain of Cura in the province of Babylon. province of Babylon. province of Babylon. And King Nebuchadnezzar sent word to And King Nebuchadnezzar sent word to And King Nebuchadnezzar sent word to gather together the satraps, the gather together the satraps, the gather together the satraps, the administrators, the governors, the administrators, the governors, the administrators, the governors, the counselors, the treasurers, the judges, counselors, the treasurers, the judges, counselors, the treasurers, the judges, the magistrates, and all the officials the magistrates, and all the officials the magistrates, and all the officials of the provinces to come to the of the provinces to come to the of the provinces to come to the dedication of the image which King dedication of the image which King dedication of the image which King Nebuchadnezzar had set up. So the Nebuchadnezzar had set up. So the Nebuchadnezzar had set up. So the satraps, the administrators, the satraps, the administrators, the satraps, the administrators, the governors, the counselors, the governors, the counselors, the governors, the counselors, the treasurers, the judges, the magistrates, treasurers, the judges, the magistrates, treasurers, the judges, the magistrates, and all the officials of the provinces and all the officials of the provinces and all the officials of the provinces gathered together for the dedication of gathered together for the dedication of gathered together for the dedication of the image that King Nebuchadnezzar had the image that King Nebuchadnezzar had the image that King Nebuchadnezzar had set up. And they stood before the image set up. And they stood before the image set up. And they stood before the image that Nebuchadnezzar had set up. Then a that Nebuchadnezzar had set up. Then a that Nebuchadnezzar had set up. Then a herald cried aloud, "To you it is herald cried aloud, "To you it is herald cried aloud, "To you it is commanded, oh peoples, nations, and commanded, oh peoples, nations, and commanded, oh peoples, nations, and languages, that at the time you hear the languages, that at the time you hear the languages, that at the time you hear the sound of the horn, flute, harp, liar, sound of the horn, flute, harp, liar, sound of the horn, flute, harp, liar, and sulttery in symphony with all kinds and sulttery in symphony with all kinds and sulttery in symphony with all kinds of music, you shall fall down and of music, you shall fall down and of music, you shall fall down and worship the gold image that King Nephu worship the gold image that King Nephu worship the gold image that King Nephu had had had set up. and whoever does not fall down set up. and whoever does not fall down set up. and whoever does not fall down and worship shall be cast immediately and worship shall be cast immediately and worship shall be cast immediately into the midst of a burning fiery into the midst of a burning fiery into the midst of a burning fiery furnace. furnace. furnace. So at that time when all the people So at that time when all the people So at that time when all the people heard the sound of the horn, flute, heard the sound of the horn, flute, heard the sound of the horn, flute, harp, and liar in symphony with all harp, and liar in symphony with all harp, and liar in symphony with all kinds of music, all the people, nations, kinds of music, all the people, nations, kinds of music, all the people, nations, and languages fell down and worshiped and languages fell down and worshiped and languages fell down and worshiped the gold image which King Nebuchadnezzar the gold image which King Nebuchadnezzar the gold image which King Nebuchadnezzar had set up. had set up. had set up. Therefore, at that time certain Therefore, at that time certain Therefore, at that time certain calaldanss came forward and accused the calaldanss came forward and accused the calaldanss came forward and accused the Jews. Jews. Jews. They spoke and said to King They spoke and said to King They spoke and said to King Nebuchadnezzar, Nebuchadnezzar, Nebuchadnezzar, "Oh king, live forever. "Oh king, live forever. "Oh king, live forever. You, O king, have made a decree that You, O king, have made a decree that You, O king, have made a decree that everyone who hears the sound of the everyone who hears the sound of the everyone who hears the sound of the horn, flute, harp, liar, and sultry in horn, flute, harp, liar, and sultry in horn, flute, harp, liar, and sultry in symphony with all kinds of music shall symphony with all kinds of music shall symphony with all kinds of music shall fall down and worship the gold image. fall down and worship the gold image. fall down and worship the gold image. And whoever does not fall down and And whoever does not fall down and And whoever does not fall down and worship shall be cast into the midst of worship shall be cast into the midst of worship shall be cast into the midst of a burning fiery furnace. a burning fiery furnace. a burning fiery furnace. There are certain Jews whom you have set There are certain Jews whom you have set There are certain Jews whom you have set over the affairs of the province of over the affairs of the province of over the affairs of the province of Babylon, Shadrach, Mach, and Abednego. Babylon, Shadrach, Mach, and Abednego. Babylon, Shadrach, Mach, and Abednego. These men, O king, have not paid due These men, O king, have not paid due These men, O king, have not paid due regard to you. They do not serve your regard to you. They do not serve your regard to you. They do not serve your gods or worship the gold image which you gods or worship the gold image which you gods or worship the gold image which you have set up." have set up." have set up." Then Nebuchadnezzar in rage and fury Then Nebuchadnezzar in rage and fury Then Nebuchadnezzar in rage and fury gave the command to bring Shadrach, gave the command to bring Shadrach, gave the command to bring Shadrach, Mach, and Abednego. Mach, and Abednego. Mach, and Abednego. So they brought these men before the So they brought these men before the So they brought these men before the king. Is it true, Shadrach, Mack, and Is it true, Shadrach, Mack, and Is it true, Shadrach, Mack, and Abednego, that you do not serve my gods Abednego, that you do not serve my gods Abednego, that you do not serve my gods or worship the gold image which I have or worship the gold image which I have or worship the gold image which I have set up? set up? set up? Now if you are ready at the time you Now if you are ready at the time you Now if you are ready at the time you hear the sound of the horn, flute, harp, hear the sound of the horn, flute, harp, hear the sound of the horn, flute, harp, liar and sulttery in symphony with all liar and sulttery in symphony with all liar and sulttery in symphony with all kinds of music and you fall down and kinds of music and you fall down and kinds of music and you fall down and worship the image which I have made. worship the image which I have made. worship the image which I have made. Good. Good. Good. But if you do not worship, But if you do not worship, But if you do not worship, you shall be cast immediately you shall be cast immediately you shall be cast immediately into the midst of a burning fiery into the midst of a burning fiery into the midst of a burning fiery furnace. furnace. furnace. And who is the God who will deliver you And who is the God who will deliver you And who is the God who will deliver you from my hands? from my hands? from my hands? Oh Nebuchadnezzar, we have no need to Oh Nebuchadnezzar, we have no need to Oh Nebuchadnezzar, we have no need to answer you in this matter. If that is answer you in this matter. If that is answer you in this matter. If that is the case, our God whom we serve is able the case, our God whom we serve is able the case, our God whom we serve is able to deliver us from the burning fiery to deliver us from the burning fiery to deliver us from the burning fiery furnace, and he will deliver us from furnace, and he will deliver us from furnace, and he will deliver us from your hand, oh king. But if not, let it your hand, oh king. But if not, let it your hand, oh king. But if not, let it be known to you, O king, that we do not be known to you, O king, that we do not be known to you, O king, that we do not serve your gods, nor will we worship the serve your gods, nor will we worship the serve your gods, nor will we worship the gold image which you have set up." gold image which you have set up." gold image which you have set up." Then Nebuchadnezzar was full of fury, Then Nebuchadnezzar was full of fury, Then Nebuchadnezzar was full of fury, and the expression on his face changed and the expression on his face changed and the expression on his face changed toward Shadrach, Meach, and Abednego. He toward Shadrach, Meach, and Abednego. He toward Shadrach, Meach, and Abednego. He spoke and commanded that they heat the spoke and commanded that they heat the spoke and commanded that they heat the furnace seven times more than it was furnace seven times more than it was furnace seven times more than it was usually heated. And he commanded certain usually heated. And he commanded certain usually heated. And he commanded certain mighty men of valor who were in his army mighty men of valor who were in his army mighty men of valor who were in his army to bind Shadrach, Mach, and Abednego, to bind Shadrach, Mach, and Abednego, to bind Shadrach, Mach, and Abednego, and cast them into the burning fiery and cast them into the burning fiery and cast them into the burning fiery furnace. Then these men were bound in furnace. Then these men were bound in furnace. Then these men were bound in their coats, their trousers, their their coats, their trousers, their their coats, their trousers, their turbons, and their other garments, and turbons, and their other garments, and turbons, and their other garments, and were cast into the midst of the burning were cast into the midst of the burning were cast into the midst of the burning fiery furnace. fiery furnace. fiery furnace. Therefore, because the king's command Therefore, because the king's command Therefore, because the king's command was urgent, and the furnace exceedingly was urgent, and the furnace exceedingly was urgent, and the furnace exceedingly hot, the flame of the fire killed those hot, the flame of the fire killed those hot, the flame of the fire killed those men who took up Shadrach, Meach, and men who took up Shadrach, Meach, and men who took up Shadrach, Meach, and Abednego. And these three men, Shadrach, Mach, and And these three men, Shadrach, Mach, and And these three men, Shadrach, Mach, and Abednego, fell down bound into the midst Abednego, fell down bound into the midst Abednego, fell down bound into the midst of the burning fiery furnace. of the burning fiery furnace. of the burning fiery furnace. Then King Nebuchadnezzar was astonished. Then King Nebuchadnezzar was astonished. Then King Nebuchadnezzar was astonished. And he rose in haste and spoke, saying And he rose in haste and spoke, saying And he rose in haste and spoke, saying to his counselors, "Did we not cast to his counselors, "Did we not cast to his counselors, "Did we not cast three men bound into the midst of the three men bound into the midst of the three men bound into the midst of the fire?" True. O king. Look, I see four fire?" True. O king. Look, I see four fire?" True. O king. Look, I see four men loose walking in the midst of the men loose walking in the midst of the men loose walking in the midst of the fire, fire, fire, and they are not hurt. And the form of and they are not hurt. And the form of and they are not hurt. And the form of the fourth is like the son of God. Then the fourth is like the son of God. Then the fourth is like the son of God. Then Nebuchadnezzar went near the mouth of Nebuchadnezzar went near the mouth of Nebuchadnezzar went near the mouth of the burning fiery furnace and spoke. the burning fiery furnace and spoke. the burning fiery furnace and spoke. Shadrach, Meek, and Abednego, Shadrach, Meek, and Abednego, Shadrach, Meek, and Abednego, servants of the most high God, servants of the most high God, servants of the most high God, come out come out come out and come here." and come here." and come here." Then Shadrach, Meach, and Abednego came Then Shadrach, Meach, and Abednego came Then Shadrach, Meach, and Abednego came from the midst of the fire. from the midst of the fire. from the midst of the fire. And the satraps, administrators, And the satraps, administrators, And the satraps, administrators, governors, and the king's counselors governors, and the king's counselors governors, and the king's counselors gathered together. And they saw these gathered together. And they saw these gathered together. And they saw these men on whose bodies the fire had no men on whose bodies the fire had no men on whose bodies the fire had no power. The hair of their head was not power. The hair of their head was not power. The hair of their head was not singed, nor were their garments singed, nor were their garments singed, nor were their garments affected, and the smell of fire was not affected, and the smell of fire was not affected, and the smell of fire was not on them. on them. on them. Nebuchadnezzar spoke, "Blessed be the Nebuchadnezzar spoke, "Blessed be the Nebuchadnezzar spoke, "Blessed be the God of Shadrach, God of Shadrach, God of Shadrach, Meek, and Abednego, who sent his angel Meek, and Abednego, who sent his angel Meek, and Abednego, who sent his angel and delivered his servants who trusted and delivered his servants who trusted and delivered his servants who trusted in him." in him." in him." And they have frustrated the king's word And they have frustrated the king's word And they have frustrated the king's word and yielded their bodies that they and yielded their bodies that they and yielded their bodies that they should not serve nor worship any god should not serve nor worship any god should not serve nor worship any god except their own god. except their own god. except their own god. Therefore, I make a decree that any Therefore, I make a decree that any Therefore, I make a decree that any people, nation, or language which speaks people, nation, or language which speaks people, nation, or language which speaks anything a miss against the God of anything a miss against the God of anything a miss against the God of Shadrach, Meek, and Abednego shall be Shadrach, Meek, and Abednego shall be Shadrach, Meek, and Abednego shall be cut in pieces, and their houses shall be cut in pieces, and their houses shall be cut in pieces, and their houses shall be made an ash heap, because there is no made an ash heap, because there is no made an ash heap, because there is no other God who can deliver like this." other God who can deliver like this." other God who can deliver like this." Then the king promoted Shadrach, Mach, Then the king promoted Shadrach, Mach, Then the king promoted Shadrach, Mach, and Abednego in the province of Babylon. and Abednego in the province of Babylon. and Abednego in the province of Babylon. [Music]