For behold, the Lord, the Lord of hosts, For behold, the Lord, the Lord of hosts, For behold, the Lord, the Lord of hosts, takes away from Jerusalem and from takes away from Jerusalem and from takes away from Jerusalem and from Judah, the stock and the store, the Judah, the stock and the store, the Judah, the stock and the store, the whole supply of bread and the whole whole supply of bread and the whole whole supply of bread and the whole supply of water, the mighty man and the supply of water, the mighty man and the supply of water, the mighty man and the man of war, the judge and the prophet, man of war, the judge and the prophet, man of war, the judge and the prophet, and the diver and the elder, the captain and the diver and the elder, the captain and the diver and the elder, the captain of 50 and the honorable man, the of 50 and the honorable man, the of 50 and the honorable man, the counselor and the skillful artisan, and counselor and the skillful artisan, and counselor and the skillful artisan, and the expert enchanter. I will give the expert enchanter. I will give the expert enchanter. I will give children to be their princes, and babes children to be their princes, and babes children to be their princes, and babes shall rule over them. The people will be shall rule over them. The people will be shall rule over them. The people will be oppressed, everyone by another, and oppressed, everyone by another, and oppressed, everyone by another, and everyone by his neighbor. The child will everyone by his neighbor. The child will everyone by his neighbor. The child will be insolent toward the elder and the be insolent toward the elder and the be insolent toward the elder and the base toward the honorable. When a man base toward the honorable. When a man base toward the honorable. When a man takes hold of his brother in the house takes hold of his brother in the house takes hold of his brother in the house of his father, saying, "You have of his father, saying, "You have of his father, saying, "You have clothing, you be our ruler, and let clothing, you be our ruler, and let clothing, you be our ruler, and let these ruins be under your power." In these ruins be under your power." In these ruins be under your power." In that day he will protest, saying, "I that day he will protest, saying, "I that day he will protest, saying, "I cannot cure your ills, for in my house cannot cure your ills, for in my house cannot cure your ills, for in my house is neither food nor clothing. Do not is neither food nor clothing. Do not is neither food nor clothing. Do not make me a ruler of the people, for make me a ruler of the people, for make me a ruler of the people, for Jerusalem stumbled and Judah is fallen." Jerusalem stumbled and Judah is fallen." Jerusalem stumbled and Judah is fallen." Because their tongue and their doings Because their tongue and their doings Because their tongue and their doings are against the Lord to provoke the eyes are against the Lord to provoke the eyes are against the Lord to provoke the eyes of his glory. The look on their of his glory. The look on their of his glory. The look on their countenance witnesses against them, and countenance witnesses against them, and countenance witnesses against them, and they declare their sin as Sodom. They do they declare their sin as Sodom. They do they declare their sin as Sodom. They do not hide it. Woe to their soul, for they not hide it. Woe to their soul, for they not hide it. Woe to their soul, for they have brought evil upon themselves. Say have brought evil upon themselves. Say have brought evil upon themselves. Say to the righteous that it shall be well to the righteous that it shall be well to the righteous that it shall be well with them, for they shall eat the fruit with them, for they shall eat the fruit with them, for they shall eat the fruit of their doings. Woe to the wicked, it of their doings. Woe to the wicked, it of their doings. Woe to the wicked, it shall be ill with him. For the reward of shall be ill with him. For the reward of shall be ill with him. For the reward of his hands shall be given him. As for my his hands shall be given him. As for my his hands shall be given him. As for my people, children are their oppressors people, children are their oppressors people, children are their oppressors and women rule over them. Oh my people, and women rule over them. Oh my people, and women rule over them. Oh my people, those who lead you cause you to heir and those who lead you cause you to heir and those who lead you cause you to heir and destroy the way of your paths. The Lord destroy the way of your paths. The Lord destroy the way of your paths. The Lord stands up to plead and stands to judge stands up to plead and stands to judge stands up to plead and stands to judge the people. The Lord will enter into the people. The Lord will enter into the people. The Lord will enter into judgment with the elders of his people judgment with the elders of his people judgment with the elders of his people and his princes. and his princes. and his princes. For you have eaten up the vineyard. The For you have eaten up the vineyard. The For you have eaten up the vineyard. The plunder of the poor is in your houses. plunder of the poor is in your houses. plunder of the poor is in your houses. What do you mean by crushing my people What do you mean by crushing my people What do you mean by crushing my people and grinding the faces of the poor? Says and grinding the faces of the poor? Says and grinding the faces of the poor? Says the Lord God of hosts. Moreover, the the Lord God of hosts. Moreover, the the Lord God of hosts. Moreover, the Lord says, "Because the daughters of Lord says, "Because the daughters of Lord says, "Because the daughters of Zion are haughty and walk with Zion are haughty and walk with Zion are haughty and walk with outstretched necks and want eyes, outstretched necks and want eyes, outstretched necks and want eyes, walking and mincing as they go, making a walking and mincing as they go, making a walking and mincing as they go, making a jingling with their feet. Therefore, the jingling with their feet. Therefore, the jingling with their feet. Therefore, the Lord will strike with a scab the crown Lord will strike with a scab the crown Lord will strike with a scab the crown of the head of the daughters of Zion, of the head of the daughters of Zion, of the head of the daughters of Zion, and the Lord will uncover their secret and the Lord will uncover their secret and the Lord will uncover their secret parts. parts. parts. In that day, the Lord will take away the In that day, the Lord will take away the In that day, the Lord will take away the finery, the jingling anklets, the finery, the jingling anklets, the finery, the jingling anklets, the scarves and the crescent, the pendants, scarves and the crescent, the pendants, scarves and the crescent, the pendants, the bracelets and the veils, the the bracelets and the veils, the the bracelets and the veils, the headdresses, the leg ornaments and the headdresses, the leg ornaments and the headdresses, the leg ornaments and the headbands, the perfume boxes, the charms headbands, the perfume boxes, the charms headbands, the perfume boxes, the charms and the rings, the nose jewels, the and the rings, the nose jewels, the and the rings, the nose jewels, the festal apparel and the mantels, the festal apparel and the mantels, the festal apparel and the mantels, the outer garments, the purses and the outer garments, the purses and the outer garments, the purses and the mirrors, the fine linen, the turbons and mirrors, the fine linen, the turbons and mirrors, the fine linen, the turbons and the robes. And so it shall be. Instead the robes. And so it shall be. Instead the robes. And so it shall be. Instead of a sweet smell, there will be a of a sweet smell, there will be a of a sweet smell, there will be a stench. Instead of a sash, a rope, stench. Instead of a sash, a rope, stench. Instead of a sash, a rope, instead of well set hair, baldness. instead of well set hair, baldness. instead of well set hair, baldness. Instead of a rich robe, a girding of Instead of a rich robe, a girding of Instead of a rich robe, a girding of sackcloth and branding instead of sackcloth and branding instead of sackcloth and branding instead of beauty. Your men shall fall by the beauty. Your men shall fall by the beauty. Your men shall fall by the sword, and your mighty in the war. Her sword, and your mighty in the war. Her sword, and your mighty in the war. Her gates shall lament and mourn, and she gates shall lament and mourn, and she gates shall lament and mourn, and she being desolate shall sit on the ground.